Xiao Gu, how is Mom's cooking?
Mom, I haven't eaten such delicious food in a long time
Hahaha, if you like it, just eat more.
Dear grandson, you eat well too.
Ordinary home cooking
He actually ate the feeling of a palace banquet
Cross-dressing brother, you are too good at pretending
I'm used to eating delicacies
I didn't expect home-cooked food to taste so good
Oops, it's all eaten up.
My heart is bursting with accomplishment
Yuxuan good grandson
I'll go get you a glass of water
Thank you, Grandma.
What are you doing?
If you don't do the dishes, wait for my mother to do it.
I can't brush
Brick moving brother
Who can't do the dishes?
Count me begging you
Your performance is very important to me
I've never done the dishes.
Are you sincerely messing with me?
Son-in-law, grandson drink water
Guess what? Help mom brush it.
Oh, Mom, where's my husband?
Pamper and considerate to me
Then you can't see me doing a little housework, can you?
Is it Xiao Gu?
Wife is to be pampered
But also have a degree
You'll spoil her if you spoil her like this.
Mom, let me tell you
Mommy, I want to go play in the yard
Pay attention to safety
Mom, let me tell you something
My husband is very good at working
Carefully done and beautiful
If you have any work, just show it to him